DYNAMIC WINDOW APPROACH PLANNER
	It is implemented as a ROS package - dwa_local_planne. This package implements the interface nav_core::BaseLocalPlanner and produces velocity
	commands to send to a mobile base provided that it has as input, a path to follow and the costmap
	
DWA ALGORITHM
	Discretely sample in the robot's control space(dx, dy, dtheta)
	i.e. generates randoms samples for linear and angular velocities.
	
	For each stamped velocity, perform forward simulation from the robot's current state to predict what would happen if the stamped velocity
	were applied for some (short) period of time
	
	Evaluate (score) each trajectory resulting from the forward simulation, using a metric that incorporates characterestics such as: proximity
	to obstacles, proximity to goal, proximity to global path and speed. Discard illegal trajectories (those that collide with obstacles)
	
	Pick the hightest-scoring trajectory and send the associated velocity to the mobile base.
	(All the trajectories simulated for short period of time are pair of translational and rotational velocities - i.e. arc of an circle)
	
	Rinse and repeat until the robot reaches the destination or gets stuck.

NOTES-	
	The DWA planner depends upon the local costmap which provides obstacle information
	It is important to well tune the parameters of local planner for a good performance.
	
	There are two types of costmap - global and local. you'll find these maps (i.e. the .yaml file which also contains location of corresponding
	.pgm file)
	
	roscd turtlebot3_navigation/param/
	ls
	
	# you'll see global_costmap_params.yaml and local_costmap_params.yaml files in here for turtlebot3 robot's simulation.
	
	The global_costmap_params.yaml only considers static obstacles of the map.
	The second costmap - local_costmap_params.yaml is used by the local path planner and this contains additional information obtained from the
	sensor suit of the robot about the obstacles in the environment.
	So the local path planner considers both the static obstacles and the dynamic obstacles that may appear in the local costmap.
